Fix some formatting in an old blog post (#594)
matrix-org/matrix.org: gatsby/content/blog/2019/01/3891.mdx

author: Neil Johnson
---

> After releasing Synapse v0.34.1, we have become aware of a security vulnerability affecting all previous versions (<a href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-5885">CVE-2019-5885</a>). v0.34.1 closed the vulnerability but, in some cases, caused users to be logged out of their clients, so we do not recommendv 0.34.1 for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After releasing Synapse v0.34.1, we have become aware of a security vulnerability affecting all previous versions (<a href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-5885">CVE-2019-5885</a>). v0.34.1 closed the vulnerability but, in some cases, caused users to be logged out of their clients, so we do not recommend v0.34.1 for production use.
```
